This work is probably the most exacting of all British works of similar length, and it
abounds with technical difficulty and pitfalls for chorus and all.
The rendering showed evidence of careful preparation.
It was gratifying to listen to the clear enunciation of the work and his careful thinking.
You cannot trust any kind of music on the general public.
They are keen and are able to note the excellence and failings of solo, chorus or instrument
The town has been imbued with chorus and instrumented music for nearly a hundred years.
The old pioneers in the town founded chorus music in the churches and outside.
And also we have the Tabarca family, sons and grandsons who know by instinct good music from them.
No one dared bring ordinary or poor music to the town unless you prepared to suffer financially.
Notice that our music community is filled with the sound of such a intendant of their instruments.
The strict
phrase is very strange for British singers,
it transaction rejects the old tradition of music chords for Present-day music.
So, I'm going to speak in English.
So, there's a sound in the room.
In the room, in the room,
there's one big bed.
So, I'm going to listen to it.
And the sound is going to say that
the next part of the room
has been very busy.
And I'm happy to hear that.
I'm going to listen to it.
That's why I'm going to put it in the room.
Where do you think I've been?
Of course, I've been on every night.
Suddenly, I'm floating.
I think because of it, I'm out of here.
I can't let you down.
I surrender.
I'm on, and then I'm going to let you go.
I'm going to let you go, I'm going to let you go.
I didn't know what happened that night.
I don't know what happened that night.
I know I have to go.
I'm going to go to my room,
is
story
I think that is the way to do it.
But the rest of the world is not even in Australia.
We are in Australia.
We have to do it.
I don't know if you understand what I am saying.
But the Lord is the Lord.
And if you are in Australia, you can do it.
Show the Lord that you are in Australia.
And say, Lord, I am in Australia.
Of course, you are in Australia.
But in the world of the Lord,
you have to do it.
You have to do it.
I really like вместе with him
And he is being so nice to me.
He has to tell me what to do.
They never believed he was in this world.
They never believed my friend was in this world.
I mean, you want to, or, or, and you're so smart,
that you're gonna, you're gonna have this in the company,
and then, back to Linda, and it's not,
that was my story, David and also,
Sir Henry both, and it was, Sir Henry,
Markham Sargent, Markham Sargent,
was an officer in New York,
and I'm here, always, Sir Markham,
who were they were, they were, they were,
or, Robin, Markham and Mark,
people, Bill, Cream, Josh, have you,
they were, they were, they were,
they were, other committee, too,
and they, they were both,
Andrew.
Oh, Lord, he's worked before me.
Perhaps, I'd rather see the standard thing. Perhaps we could go through the score together.
I'm going to stand here and say it.
Well, my dear man, it's quite obvious that you don't know this record.
No, that's why I'm down here practicing.
Well, of course,
I'm going to do it.
No,